[docs] EAS Builds: add 'Setup' page & more (#9754)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/eas-builds-in-5-minutes.md

## Prerequisites

> - Install Expo CLI by running `npm install -g expo-cli` (or `yarn global add expo-cli`). _If you already have it, make sure you're using the latest version._ EAS Builds is in alpha and it's changing rapidly, so the only way to ensure that you will have a good experience is to use the latest expo-cli version. **This tutorial assumes you're using `expo-cli@3.24.0` or newer.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install Expo CLI by running `npm install -g expo-cli` (or `yarn global add expo-cli`). _If you already have it, make sure you're using the latest version._ EAS Builds is in alpha and it's changing rapidly, so the only way to ensure that you will have the best experience is to use the latest expo-cli version. **This tutorial assumes you're using `expo-cli@3.24.0` or newer.**
```

> - Sign in with `expo login` or sign up with `expo register` if you don't have an Expo account yet. You can check if you're logged in by running `expo whoami`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sign in with `expo login`, or sign up with `expo register` if you don't have an Expo account yet. You can check if you're logged in by running `expo whoami`.
```
